**Task:**
1.	Develop an API using .NET Core that will consume messages or events pertaining to user management operations, including creation, update, and deactivation of users. 

This API should be designed to handle various scenarios efficiently, ensuring seamless integration with external message sources.

2.	Implement a mechanism within the API to persist the received user data into a NoSQL database of your choice. 

3.	Providing unit tests to cover the functionality of your API would be considered a plus.




**Solution:**

Created .net core solution API 6.0(LTS). 
- ApiTestProject > Test project contains Controller,Service, Background Serice Unit Test cases. 
- Sample.API  > .net Core API  project contains User Rest API, RabbitMQ Service, Hosted Service and infra 
- Sample.Shared > common infrastructure code
- docker compose file to spin up RabbitMQ & MongoDB

**Flow**
- REST api has Get/PUT/POST/Delete endpoints and DeactivateUser endpoint.
- PUT,POST & Delete endpoints uses RabbitMQ service to send DomainEvent wrapped over user object 
- API has HostedService which is listening to the RabbitMQ and uses Service to add, update & remove user object from MongoDB

**Start**

Used docker compose to create 2 container Rabbitmq and MongoDB database (NoSQL). 
- Use Post /api/Users to add new user:  Id field is autogenerated id by mongo db
- Use PUT  /api/Users to update old user
- Use Get /api/Users  to get all users
- Use Get /api/Users/id  to get single use
- Use Delete /api/users to delete the user
- Use Deactivate /api/users/DeactivateUser to deactivate user


